chore: Add new starters on the docs (#1240)
vtex/faststore: docs/docs/tutorials/gatsby/03 - Creating your first SFJ store.mdx

In this part of the Tutorial, you will:

- Clone our [**gatsby store**](https://github.com/vtex-sites/gatsby.store) to your local machine.

>   > 🔎 The **gatsby store** is a boilerplate store theme with *no styling* that contains only the most basic functionalities required to run a VTEX store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > 🔎 The **gatsby store** is a boilerplate store theme with *no styling* containing only the most basic functionalities required to run a VTEX store.
```
